23.1.2+ (#1)
friedcucumber/maui-bottom-sheet: CS/GettingStarted.txt

Welcome to DevExpress Components for .NET MAUI! Here are a few tips to help you get started with your new application.

DevExpress NuGet Feed
---------------------

> DevExpress Components for .NET MAUI are free-of-charge. To learn more about our free offer and reserve your free copy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExpress Components for .NET MAUI are free-of-charge. For more information about our free offer and reserve your free copy,
```

please visit the following webpage: https://www.devexpress.com/mobile-xamarin-maui-free/

IMPORTANT: You MUST register your personal NuGet package source for the solution to build correctly.
After you reserved your free copy, you can use the following page to obtain a NuGet Feed URL: https://nuget.devexpress.com/

If you are unfamiliar with NuGet packages, please review the following 
help topic (Install DevExpress Controls Using NuGet Packages): https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/115912/

QuickStart Guide
----------------

> See the following topic to learn more about DevExpress Components for .NET MAUI: https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following topic for more details about DevExpress Components for .NET MAUI: https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI
```
